README.md, before:

## Tip Calculator

# Instructions

If the bill was $150.00, split between 5 people, with 12% tip. 

Each person should pay (150.00 / 5) * 1.12 = 33.6

Format the result to 2 decimal places = 33.60

Thus everyone's share of the total bill is $30.00 plus a $3.60 tip.

Tip: There are 2 ways to round a number. You might have to do some Googling to solve this.💪


# Example Input

```
Welcome to the tip calculator!
What was the total bill? $124.56
How much tip would you like to give? 10, 12, or 15? 12
How many people to split the bill? 7
```

# Example Output

```
Each person should pay: $19.93
```


# Hint

1. [How to round a number to 2 decimal places in Python](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+round+number+to+2+decimal+places+python&oq=how+to+round+number+to+2+decimal)
2. [How to limit a float to two decimal places in Python](https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-limit-a-float-to-two-decimal-places-in-python)



# Solution

[https://replit.com/@appbrewery/tip-calculator-end](https://replit.com/@appbrewery/tip-calculator-end)

Commit message:

Added precision on README.md and main.py
Added precision on README.md and main.py

README.md, after:

## Tip Calculator

Day 2 project 100 Days of Code Python :
I made the one in main.py

# Instructions

If the bill was $150.00, split between 5 people, with 12% tip. 

Each person should pay (150.00 / 5) * 1.12 = 33.6

Format the result to 2 decimal places = 33.60

Thus everyone's share of the total bill is $30.00 plus a $3.60 tip.

Tip: There are 2 ways to round a number. You might have to do some Googling to solve this.💪


# Example Input

```
Welcome to the tip calculator!
What was the total bill? $124.56
How much tip would you like to give? 10, 12, or 15? 12
How many people to split the bill? 7
```

# Example Output

```
Each person should pay: $19.93
```


# Hint

1. [How to round a number to 2 decimal places in Python](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+round+number+to+2+decimal+places+python&oq=how+to+round+number+to+2+decimal)
2. [How to limit a float to two decimal places in Python](https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-limit-a-float-to-two-decimal-places-in-python)



# Solution

[https://replit.com/@appbrewery/tip-calculator-end](https://replit.com/@appbrewery/tip-calculator-end)
